>> Steve Kinney: I wanna talk about some
of the other selectors in testing library,
cuz they will come up later.
And so let's just,
in here we'll pull up screen,
real quick, findByAltTextt,
super useful for
finding an image with an alt text.
Label test is super good.
So, let's say if an input
field has a label,
as long as you know the text of the label,
you don't necessarily have to worry about
what the test ID is for that field.
It will look for, so if it's street
address in a label, it will give you
back an input field that is labeled
with the label, labeled with the label.
Placeholder text is useful if you need it,
but if you care about people
who use accessibility devices,
you can just have
a screen-reader-only label, right?
That's hidden visually, but
then also works as the screen reader.
So I would argue if you
use findAllByPlaceholder,
that's a little bit [INAUDIBLE].
The difference too is we're using get and
we're using get1, there's get and
getAll, you can guess what
the difference is, right?
Finds are different than gets,
and we'll see them later,
cuz they also deal with a little bit of
problem we were talking about before.
Which is, get and getAll,
so get will get the one.
It'll actually throw an error if there
is more than one thing that matches
it, right?
Which is sometimes useful as well.
GetAll, by label, by placeholder,
by role we saw, by test ID,
by text, by title, for
the various things on there,
so on and so forth.
Get will immediately get it from the DOM.
Great, right?
Find is super interesting,
because what you don't want is your
tests to fail because of
the time space continuum, right?
And so what find does,
is it's an asynchronous version of get,
where it will try for a certain
amount of time that you set, right?
So it will go looking for
that button, or that whatever,
but it will wait until it's on the page,
right?
So if it does immediately find it, it'll
keep trying for a timeout that you can
configure, whatever the reasonable default
is is what I use almost all the time.
But that way, it's like, okay, cool,
maybe it's not on the page yet,
but it should be on the page soon, right?
So, hold on a second.
If you don't find it in a few seconds,
I think it's like 300 milliseconds,
is the default, I'm doing that for
memory, then the test will fail.
But it won't fail immediately, because
it was about to be on the page, but
maybe a network request or
something took a little bit longer,
it will wait and pull for
it for a little bit.
And so these are asynchronous, they return
promises that will either reject or
resolve, and
the gets will immediately go looking for.
So obviously, when I'm mounting one on
the page, I know that it's there, right?
But if it was something like,
go do this thing, and
then a whole bunch of other stuff happens,
maybe there's an animation, what have you,
find is useful, because it will pull and
wait for it, right?
That said, if it's not gonna be there,
now your test is slowed down,
in the act of waiting for it, use what
you need to use, so on and so forth.